Hub page (#1537)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/index.md

ms.author: karann
ms.date: 02/12/2018
ms.topic: overview
layout: HubPage 
ms.topic: hub-page
hide_bc: true
---

<div id="main" class="v2">
    <div class="container">
        <h1>NuGet Documentation</h1>

>         <p>NuGet allows developers to create, share, and consume useful .NET code. With NuGet, you can bundle code into "packages" that contain compiled code, such as DLLs.</p> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <p>NuGet is the package manager for .NET. It enables developers to create, share, and consume useful .NET libraries. NuGet client tools provide the ability to produce and consume these libraries as "packages".</p> 
```

                            <a href="reference/nuget-config-file.md">nuget.config</a>
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            <a href="api/overview.md">NuGet API</a>
                        </p>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </li>
    <li>
        <div class="cardSize">
            <div class="cardPadding">
                <div class="card">
                    <div class="cardImageOuter">
                        <div class="cardImage">
                            <img src="https://docs.microsoft.com//media/common/i_multi-connect.svg" alt="Multi-connect icon" />
                        </div>
                    </div>
                    <div class="cardText">
                        <h3><a href="policies/governance.md">Resources</a></h3>
                        <p>
                            <a href="policies/governance.md">Policies - NuGet</a>
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            <a href="nuget-org/policies/data-requests.md">Policies - NuGet.org</a>
                        </p>
                        <p>

>                             <a href="release-notes/known-issues.md">Release notes</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                            <a href="release-notes/">Release notes</a>
```

Reviewer: let's point the reader to list of release notes. The known issues page is quite out of date, I wouldn't want to update this link for every new release.
